>> This is, "Nuevo."
The history and evidence of the
best UFO hunter in the world,
Antonio Urzi a young
fashion designer from Milan,
Italy, who has managed to
obtain some of the best video
evidence of all time.
[THEME MUSIC]
>> Gaia presents, "Nuevo"
with Jaime Maussan.
[THEME MUSIC]
>> On Tuesday, April, 17, 2018,
Antonio Urzi recorded video
images of an enormous object
that was thousands of feet
above the earth.
Using a powerful,
2,200 millimeter lens,
Antonio was able to
obtain extraordinary UFO
images, in which you
kind observe details.
After analyzing
them, it was evident
that its size was close to
50 or 60 feet in diameter.
[THEME MUSIC]
>> Good morning.
Is everything OK?
>> Antonio, a fashion
designer in Milan,
has recorded hundreds
of UFO images.
Some of them are considered
the most precise and real
of all time.
How is it possible
that a single man
could have been able to capture
these extraordinary images?
According to him, he
can feel, in his body,
when something like
this is going to happen.
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
>>INTERPRETER: I left in the
morning, and I told Simona,
I'm not going to work.
I'm not interested in anything.
I'm going to the park
because I feel like something
is going to happen.
At the moment I arrived, boom!
I saw a small circle and
I started videotaping it.
And that's what
everyone can see.
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
>>INTERPRETER: For
me, it's much more.
And it looks like
copper, at first glance.
I didn't think it was gold.
When you look at
the front part, you
can see that it's very
close to the clouds.
Due to its height, you
can see it's luminous.
And when it comes
closer, you can
see that the spaceship
is, indeed, gold.
[BIRDS CHIRPING]
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
>>INTERPRETER: Wow.
It's beautiful.
Beautiful.
>> With all this extraordinary
evidence collected by Antonio
Urzi since 2003, still many
doubts have arisen over
the last 15 years.
How is it possible that a single
person who lives in a big city,
like Milan, can be the
only human being that
has recorded these spectacular
images about phenomena
that neither authorities
nor scientists accept?
Giuseppe Garofalo, one of the
most recognized specialists
in video analysis in the
world, gives us an explanation.
Garofalo shows how, through the
density of the light, contours,
and pixels in the image, you can
determine with 100% certainty
if it is a fake, a scale
model created on a computer,
or if the image is real.
Garofalo believes that this
video shows a massive object
with great dimensions.
And that it is not an image
produced by any computer,
nor is it a familiar object.
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
>>INTERPRETER: On
April 17th, 2018,
we conducted several in-depth
studies of the last Antonio UFO
video.
Some people, on
social media, were
saying it was not a
spaceship, but a dog's bowl.
However, here, we can
demonstrate that the bowl
has smaller dimensions.
And that shows a
different composition
when it is exposed to the sun.
When calculating its area,
it generates a major density
with respect to a bigger object,
compared to the dog's bowl.
Here, we can see the value
of the brightness of the bowl
compared with the UFO.
The bowl goes from 130 to 255.
And Antonio's UFO is 54.
Almost triple the difference.
[NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
>> A couple of days later, on
June 10th, 2018, Antonio Urzi,
accompanied by a
few dozen people,
was able to record extraordinary
images of a singular object
from a park in Cinisello
Balsamo, in Milan.
He used a unique attachment
similar to a powerful telescope
of 10,000 millimeters.
In the picture, you can
see a kind of plasma body.
And in its interior,
you can watch
three bright objects that move
on and off, and turn very fast.
There is nothing known on Earth
similar to these images, where
you can see the presence
of a plasma body
that stays inside
luminous points that
rotate at high speed.
In another moment,
it can be observed
how the UFO's body extends.
And it can be seen with clarity,
how the points turn inside.
The group of people that
accompanied Antonio also
captured the same object
on their own cameras,
recorded with a minimal scope.
This type of light
has been observed
and video recorded all over
the world, but not until today,
thanks to Urzi and
his desire to film
these UFOs with a
powerful lens, do
we now have evidence
that shows that there is
technology unknown to humans.
See the difference
between an image captured
with a conventional
camera and the other
with a telescopic lens.
On many occasions, we
have seen similar videos
without being able to
determine what they really are.
It is impossible to
classify these phenomena,
so it was called mother ships.
Today, we can conclude
that it is evident
that this is very advanced
technology, incomprehensible
to human beings.
It is evident that with
conventional equipment,
it is not possible to obtain
clear images of these objects
unless they are at low altitude.
It's critical to
understand the quality
and clarity of the images
recorded by Antonio.
This type of event has
been part of his reality
since his childhood.
>> The first time we met with
Antonio Urzi and Simona Sibilla
were in Porto Sant'Elpidio,
in March, 2006.
The stigmatized
Giorgio Giorgiobanni
had told us about this case.
And due to its
importance, he recommended
that it should be investigated.
This was our first encounter
with this young man--
33 years at that time.
Why did you come to us?
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
>>INTERPRETER:
Because I think now
is the time to show the public
what I've been experiencing
every day for the
last six years,
together with my girlfriend.
>> Describe what
you been living.
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
>>INTERPRETER: I've been
experiencing the contact
with an unknown intelligence.
Also, I've witnessed the
manifestation of unusual things
with what people know
as flying saucers, more
commonly identified as UFOs.
>> Since when has
this been happening?
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
>>INTERPRETER: I would say
since the first months of 2000,
when we first became a
couple, six years ago.
>> When did you meet Simona?
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
>>INTERPRETER: Yes,
it was during the time
that I first met her,
in January, 2000,
when the UFOs activity
became much more active.
And it was happening every day.
Each day, there was a different
surprise or manifestation.
This gave me the opportunity to
capture all the transformations
with my video camera.
>> Why has this material,
which seems so essential
and extraordinary, not been
presented to the media?
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
>>INTERPRETER:
Because we all know
how authorities and
institutions handle
the extraterrestrial topic.
Recently, in my country,
a different case of mine
was published without success.
I'm sure there are many other
very important cases about UFOs
that should be shared
with the people.
The authorities in Italy
must share what is happening.
We certainly need to spread
this information openly, as well
as the recorded
activity that exists.
But how can we reveal
all the evidence we have,
if no one in Italy shares this
information about the UFOs?
That's why the information
we have goes unnoticed.
We have tried to achieve this,
but we have not succeeded.
>> Where have you
recorded those videos?
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
>>INTERPRETER: Mainly,
in Milan, but I
have filmed in different
places all around this region.
There is more recorded
material in Livorno.
I can tell you that there is
evidence that demonstrates
that there exists a real
contact with someone
that comes to visit me.
It is something that
I can feel in myself.
>> How frequent?
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
>>INTERPRETER: Daily.
It happened on a regular basis.
It has been continuous since
the first months of 2000.
I began recording
them in August 2003.
>> Aren't you surprised?
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
>>INTERPRETER: No.
>> Why?
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
>>INTERPRETER:
Because I feel this is
something that belongs to me.
It's part of me.
It's my baby.
It comes naturally
and spontaneously.
In fact, I can't understand why.
So many people are so astonished
by the videos I record.
However, when I talk
about my experiences
only to those that are close
to me, that know me well,
they also seem to be surprised.
>> How many people have seen
the things that you see?
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
>>INTERPRETER: A lot
of people would be
willing to testify at any time.
Additionally, some state police
officers and other celebrities
are prepared to confirm
the truth of these facts.
>> Antonio Urzi has not only
recorded some of the best
images in video and
photography of recent time,
but he has also filmed truly
extraordinary events that we
present here, beside those
of others that are totally
inexplicable.
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
>>INTERPRETER: With
all the research
we have made in this field,
and the analysis obtained
from the photographic
and video material,
along with the testimonials of
the people we have interviewed,
this case is real.
There is nothing
false in any sense.
What is interesting is that
I began as an investigator
and ended up becoming a witness.
Having traveled to
many different places
of the world with Antonio to
attend conferences and events,
I can assure you
that I have seen,
with my own eyes,
these spaceships that
have followed him and
reveal themselves to him.
Here, in Cinisello Balsamo,
so close to his camera.
For me, Jaime, it
is a unique case.
Maybe it is not the
first case, but it
is one of the first cases
of modern history of UFOs.
No.
As far as I know, Jaime, after
investigating many people
from Europe and
the Americas that
have had the experience of
being contacted, none of them
have the enormous
quantity and variety
of objects filmed as Antonio.
>> We decided to go to Milan
to investigate more about this
case and the extraordinary
implications it could have.
It is necessary to point
out that in Italy, there
has been all kinds of efforts
trying to disqualify his work,
without presenting any evidence
or analysis done to the images
Antonio recorded.
>> We are in Milan, Italy, a
city where we have come to know
a truly extraordinary story.
A young designer, 33 year old,
Antonio Urzi, who, as a child,
began to observe unidentified
flying objects that
seemed to approach him.
His family and his
friends did not
believe him, until they
also became witnesses.
And soon he began to video
record his first objects.
This strange
relationship has grown
and has created an
expanding awareness.
As time has passed, Antonio
has been able to record,
in a clearer and closer
way, these objects.
Since 2004, they seemed
to approach his home,
here, in Milan, where, from
his windows in the attic,
he could record
beautiful images,
as rarely seen in the
history of this phenomenon.
It is genuinely extraordinary.
These are some of the best.
This attracted our
attention since 2006,
when we began our
relationship and research
in this unique case.
Soon we saw the
video of a horse that
had been videotaped in the sky.
And the critics started.
Some said it was a balloon.
We did the tests and it
should that it was not that.
In fact, in the Vatican,
we found a fresco
with an image of a horse that
reflect a previous event, which
was recorded in
the 16th century.
Then, in December
2006, he would record
what seems to be the image of
a virgin floating in the sky.
A sizable, remarkable
object came very close
and was captured with
a new video camera,
given to him by
Giorgio Giorgiobanni.
Antonio was able to take
this incredible image.
Then there would be others.
On March 12, 2008,
again, a nearby
object that seems to
dance before his camera.
Something unique,
never seen before.
And finally, on August
26, 2008, the same device
that we had already
seen on other occasions
appeared one more time.
And was now closer than ever.
It is evident that
this young person lives
an extraordinary situation.
The objects approach
his camera, allowing
him to record them and
share with the world
this fantastic evidence.
We believe that other cases
around the planet are similar
to Antonio's.
In Turkey, Yan Zimarman.
In Mexico, Arturo Robles Gill.
In the United States,
Mauricio Ruiz.
Therefore, it seems that this
is all a strategy, a plan
to awaken the conscience of
man, to finally open our minds.
>> Milan is the largest
metropolitan area in Italy,
and the second largest city
in Italy, in population.
It is the capital of the
metropolitan city of Milan
and the Lombardy region.
Located in the north, it is
one of the most developed areas
of the country.
The gross domestic
product of Lombardy
has been estimated
at 366 billion Euros,
the second largest in Europe.
It is considered the economic
and industrial capital
of Italy.
It is also where the most famous
fashion center in the world
is established.
This is the primary reason
why Antonio Urzi changed
his residence from Livorno,
on the Italian coast
of the Mediterranean
Sea, to Milan.
One of the suburbs of
Milan is Cinisello Balsamo.
There, on the street of
Giovanni Battista Pergolesi,
is the attic where
Antonio Urzi lives
with his wife, Simona Sibilla,
and his little daughter.
>> We are on the street,
Giovanni Battista Pergolesi,
in Cinisello Balsamo, one of the
suburbs of the city of Milan.
It is here, in this place,
very close to a police station,
where Antonio,
during the year 2004,
had been videotaping some of
the most impressive videos.
Between June and December of
2004, he would get a half dozen
really spectacular videos.
Both from day and night,
from the first days of June.
And then, on July
30, a genuinely out
of the ordinary video,
where we observe
how this object literally
approaches his small window,
which is actually a skylight
on the roof of his house.
As a point of
reference, we can see
one of the frames
of Antonio's house
that appears in the video.
You will see, by the
small angle that it
has, all the difficulties
that Antonio has to deal with
to take these shots.
It would seem planned,
very well recorded,
but you can see how
difficult it is.
There are other videos where you
can see the object very close.
And also, at night, where,
despite the darkness,
the UFO remains in a shadow.
Its silhouette is
clearly noticeable.
There are two significant ones.
One at night, around
November 27, 2004,
that captures this structure.
And then on December 3,
the first time this object
is outlined.
It has the
characteristic form that
would appear in 2005, and
again in 2007, and 2008.
It is the same object that
has arisen both night and day.
This could be
compared to something
that has been happening
in Turkey, where
very similar ships
with the same structure
are those that
approach Yalcin Yalman.
In Antonio's case, the
forms are more traditional.
The objects are round,
as we see in the videos.
If you have seen the
complete collection of 2004,
you will find them spectacular.
Rarely has a person been able
to record such similar videos so
many times.
What does it mean?
Where does this lead us?
Are these beings looking for
Antonio to be videotaped,
to appear before the camera
and he will share them
with the world?
Personally, as a
researcher, I think so.
There cannot be a coincidence.
Or is this gentleman
deceiving us
all, and he has
an army of people
helping him to do something
that seems impossible?
Or it is, and it is, one of the
most amazing shreds of evidence
of all time.
What do you think?
>> We arrived in Antonio's
little house, a man who,
by the way, has never asked
for money for his videos.
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
>>INTERPRETER: Hi, Jaime.
Welcome.
Please, come in.
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
>>INTERPRETER: It's
been a long time.
>> Well, Antonio, I'm
here because many people
in the world want to
know who is Antonio Urzi.
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
>>INTERPRETER: I
like the question.
I am a man that was
young some time ago.
Nevertheless, I continue to
feel young, despite my 45 years.
I am a fashion
stylist, and a man
who has experiences with
aliens that visit our planet.
>> How many years have you
seen these beings and these UFO
phenomena in the sky?
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
>>INTERPRETER: For
many years, Jaime.
I've had these experiences
since I was a child.
In the year 2000, I met
my wife, Simona Sibilla.
I want to introduce you to her.
For many years, we
filmed a lot of UFOs.
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
>>INTERPRETER:
Hello, how are you?
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
>>INTERPRETER: Together,
we recorded many spaceships
that, fortunately, were right
in front of us in the sky.
I was able to get great images.
>> Here is where you film them?
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
>>INTERPRETER: This is the
place you visited the last time.
Everyone knows this
is the site where I've
recorded most of the objects.
From the bathroom to this
place, it's easier to see now.
Some changes were made because
now we have a baby girl.
>> [SPEAKING SPANISH]
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
>>INTERPRETER: Well, nothing.
The primary experience is there.
THIS is just my
general headquarters.
>> How do you use the camera?
Can you explain it to me?
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
>>INTERPRETER: Sure, sure.
Of course.
A long time ago, but
for most of the videos,
I used to have this
kind of camera.
It is not exactly this one.
My first camera was an
analog, 8 millimeters.
Remember those?
8 millimeters cassette.
It was later on, when we got
the digital camera, HD model.
A lot of times, things
happen just by luck.
I really don't know
because, at that time,
I didn't feel anything special.
I'm talking about 2003 and 2004.
Most of them appeared
in June, 2004,
when a long, silver flying
saucer at low altitude
showed up in this
place where I am.
I saw this object,
and immediately opened
the bathroom window that
is on the roof of my house,
and started recording.
My camera's always
with me because I
want to be ready to
film at any moment.
The objects are always nearby.
Where I was standing, the
spaceship stopped above us.
I immediately took the camera.
And in June, 2004,
I was not going
to miss the opportunity
to film that
object flying in front of me.
Allow me to show
you how I filmed
the object, at that time.
I'm generally at this level,
where I can see the object.
I have the habit to
look up everywhere I go.
My head turns up
towards the sky.
Sometimes I just look down for
an ancient stone, you know?
And, at that moment, I
looked for my camera.
And I step on a stool that
allows me to look out.
That is when I start to record.
With the window
open, this way, it's
easy to film the objects
from this location.
I always did this.
And in 2004, when the
spaceship showed up.
They were still
at this location.
It seemed that they
knew I would film them.
In another position, I
have some other videos
that show this part of
the window as a reference.
When the object moved
from left to right,
I had to open the lens to
get a better visual field.
Remember that we have a
video of the UFO recorded
in June that looks like
the one of Vedonsky,
shaped like a bell.
This is the way I've been
filming here, in this house.
>> How many UFOs have
you recorded from there?
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
>>INTERPRETER: I would
say, at least 18 or 20.
A different type
during night and day.
>> The ship's images recorded by
Antonio during his first years
were filmed on videotape,
using an analog camera.
It was in 2003, when he
bought his first camera,
and then began recording.
His first UFO video
came in September.
It was very low quality and not
an entirely convincing video.
However, it was just the
beginning of a series
that he would record in
June, 2004, all of them
during the day.
The ships filmed by Antonio
were at a low altitude.
And they appeared practically
in front of Antonio's eyes.
Unfortunately, his camera had
a reduced resolution and scope.
Years later, thanks to
the analysis made on them,
it was determined that the
objects had different sizes.
One seemed to be almost 99 feet
long, and the other, only about
16.
On June 4th, at
10:30 in the morning,
Antonio was able to
capture, for the first time,
images of exceptional
clarity and medium size.
One appeared as a
metallic object,
possibly about 32 to
49 feet in diameter.
On June 17, at 07:28
in the morning,
he filmed an object that,
according to investigations,
seemed to be larger, maybe
about 98 feet in diameter.
The UFO stopped.
It looked as if it was posing.
You can see it is
evident in the image.
Later, on June 30,
another UFO, an object
of approximately 33
feet in diameter,
appeared in front Urzi's
house at a very low altitude.
In the image, you can
see the window's frame
and how it is open,
eliminating any possibility
of being a fraud.
The evidence, in addition to
the investigation and analysis,
revealed that it was
not a scale model.
>> Here we have four objects.
Can you please describe them
and tell us about their size?
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
>>INTERPRETER: More
or less, you can
know if an object has a
large or small dimension,
and if it's a real object,
because of the volume it has.
This looks as if it was 32.8
feet to 65.6 feet in size.
OK.
>> [SPEAKING SPANISH]
>>INTERPRETER: In this case,
and because of the many analysis
in the interaction of the
light with their surface,
it is possible to
understand that it presents
some reflections in the
form of very small points,
like the dish that
was recorded in 2004.
And that seems like
a very large object.
And here, in this one,
also recorded in 2004,
it also looks to be
a big object that
has a great volume in
comparison with this here.
The main point is
that in general bases,
the light elevation
from the position
the object is in with
respect to the sun,
there still need to be
investigative procedures.
In this case, the object here is
bigger than this one, and this,
then this.
And this other is
smaller than these two.
This is an object
of great dimensions.
Almost 98.4 feet.
This, maybe, is
32.8 to 49.2 feet.
And this here, I
think it could be
55 to 65.6 feet, approximately.
This one, 198.4.
And this, 55.7 feet.
And this is about
16.4 to 19.6 feet.
>> On July 20th, according
to Antonio's testimony,
he recorded two different
objects within a few minutes
of each other.
The UFOs, according
to the analysis,
were more than 60
feet in diameter.
The first video was
recorded at 03:49 PM.
The second, just
four minutes later.
However, you can see the
difference was remarkable.
In November of that same year,
Antonio started recording
during the night.
On November 18th, he
filmed a metallic ship
of significant size for
around 45 minutes, at 1:00 AM.
He was able to see
a metallic body
with a violet light that was
moving above and below the UFO.
On November 27th, at
about the same time,
after midnight, he
was able to record
a ship that came directly
to where he was standing.
Below it was a reflection
that, according to Antonio,
seemed like the
lights of a soccer
field that was near his home.
Finally, on December 3rd,
around 10:00 at night,
he was able to capture an
object that would appear
in other videos, years later.
It seems like it stopped in
front of Antonio's house,
in Cinisello Balsamo.
Analysis showed that
these objects were real.
They were not models or
images produced on a computer.
So what do we see here?
>> Simona says that you have
spent many nights looking
at the sky.
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
>>INTERPRETER: Yes, because
I generally get up between--
I don't know-- between 4 and
6 o'clock in the morning.
I'm always waiting to see a UFO.
It's like a disease because
your mind is in another place.
Of course, I say this
in a positive sense.
I need to be completely
focused on what I'm doing.
The goal of filming
these events was
to record this
personal experience.
I did not have an idea of
publishing them in any media.
It was only a
personal experience.
And people question
why it was only
me who could record
these spaceships.
But it's not my fault.
It's not me who
decides this situation.
If the spacecraft
arrives, I will film them.
Simona and I are in this
unique situation together,
sometimes watching them daily.
>> Why did you decide
to shoot these objects?
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
>>INTERPRETER: It was by chance.
In August of 2003, I
had a camera with me.
I did not know what was about
to happen at that moment.
I never thought about
recording the UFOs.
My wife, Simona, and I were
just observing these objects.
Now I have an
incredible collection
of hundreds and hundreds
of videos of UFOs.
Of course, everything
is recorded,
including balloons that,
initially, I thought were UFOs.
After reviewing the videos,
you can see the thread on them.
I consider myself
an investigator
because I have
intimately experienced
this phenomenon for many years.
I can say I have a deep
conscience about this,
not only in a technical way,
but also in a spiritual sense.
We have, in front of
us, a fundamental truth.
And those beings
have talked to me.
They have explained
to me the reasons
why they are here with us.
>> It's hard to believe
that Antonio could have any
communication with these beings.
How can we convince those
who still have doubts, even
with all the evidence
that has been analyzed
and is considered authentic?
This is an extraordinary
case in which we still
have much more to learn.
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
>>INTERPRETER: It is a
fantastic variety of forms
in the large object category.
Incredible.
It is a case that, perhaps,
the human mind cannot yet
understand or imagine.
We have seen that the others
contacted only saw two,
or three, or maybe
five spaceships.
Antonio-- he has
seen many, many more.
But as a researcher,
we did not publish them
because we do not
know what they are.
This event is something
that happens up in the sky.
And you can watch it.
That is all we know.
They are not of this earth.
It is much more significant,
and much more critical,
and complex than we can
imagine in our fantasies.
For me, this is something that
gives credibility to this case.
>> Have you ever found a
video or any evidence produced
by Antonio that caused doubts?
>> [SPEAKING ITALIAN]
>>INTERPRETER:
Not at all, Jaime.
From the beginning of my
investigation of these events,
I collaborated with
Giuseppe Garofalo,
the man that has incredible
talent working with computers,
as well as an impressive
level of analysis.
I can tell you that in all
the videos that were reviewed,
we proved that none of
this material was false.
Not any of it.
Giuseppe's analysis has
revealed much more information
than we have published so far
in our programs, interviews,
and articles.
I know almost all
of Giuseppe's work.
It is extraordinary.
Neither he nor I
found anything that
could create any doubt about
the veracity of the material
that Antonio has
presented to us.
Not even the smallest
amount of doubt.
>> This is why it was necessary
to make an investigation
of Antonio's UFO videos, a
case that is still in progress
and that has given us a witness
that continues to produce
the truth about spaceships.
There is no doubt that his life
and all the evidence that he
has given to us is
highly interesting.
And that it will continue
to be an open case to those
who want to investigate
with objectivity.
During this series, we
will get to know Antonio
and we will know what has to be
considered, without any doubt,
the major UFO witness
case in the 21st century.
I am Jaime Maussan.
And I will see you on our
next episode of "Nuevo."
[THEME MUSIC]
>> Gaia presented, "Nuevo"
with Jaime Maussan.